---
layout: post
title: Events
date: 2019-12-20
description: Description of the events organized by the project 
img: workshop.jpg 
fig-caption: 1st MAESTRIA workshop - Dec. 2019
tags: [events, workshops, conferences]
---

We detail here the workshops we organize both from a methodological and end-user point of view. We also present our participation to other scientific conferences.


## Large-scale land-cover mapping workshops
Three workshops coupling scientists, research, and authoritative bodies are organized, at national (2) and international levels (1). The
first one targets to collect first feedbacks, based on existing datasets and to explain MAESTRIA initiatives. The two following events (Years 2 and 3) will help to better specialize our outputs, promote the first results, and eventually collect research results from other countries.<br>
We hope this will open the field for an international collaboration that would target to design automatic land-cover procedures at the scale of Europe.

### 1st workshop: December 2019
This first one-day meeting was held on 3rd December 2019 in Paris and its main objective was to gather international land-cover experts from several organizations
 (ESA, JRC, universities and private companies) which have been working with and generating land-cover maps users for a long time. The specific goals of this first meeting were to collect complementary points of view, share recent achievements and identify remaining challenges.
The program is available <a href="https://lslc.sciencesconf.org/program" target="_blank">here</a>.

The following questions were specifically addressed:
<ul>
  <li> Why investing today resources in land cover mapping ?</li>
  <li>Which approaches for land cover map production are promoted ?</li>
  <li>What place is given to land cover map validation ?</li>
  <li>Who are the main categories of end users ?</li>
  <li>What are the users' needs that are not yet fulfilled ?</li>
</ul>

#### Speakers:
Pierre Defourny (UC Louvain, Belgium), Christian Hoffmann (Geoville, Austria), Christophe Sannier (SIRS, France), Peter Strobl (JRC, European Commission), Nandin-Erdene Tsendbazar (Wageningen University & Research, The Nederlands) and Ruben Van De Kerchove (VITO, Belgium).

#### Website:
All details are available on the website of the event: <a href="https://lslc.sciencesconf.org/" target="_blank">https://lslc.sciencesconf.org/</a>.
