---
layout: post
title: Partners
date: 2020-10-11
description: Details the partners of the project # Add post description (optional)
img: workshop.jpg # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: 1st MAESTRIA workshop - Dec. 2019
tags: [cesbio, lastig, partners]
---

The success of MAESTRIA relies on the complementary expertise on multi-modal data analysis, information extraction, large-scale machine learning, land-cover mapping, and the relationship between methodological innovations and thematic applications. CESBIO and LaSTIG labs have extensively worked in these domains for more than 10 years and are recognized as (inter)national experts in the analysis of EO images.

## LaSTIG
The LaSTIG lab. of IGN has a strong expertise in multi-modal image processing from converging
perspectives for large-scale information extraction, in-between remote sensing, machine learning, and
computer vision. It mainly focuses on VHR data processing. It is a leading laboratory in photogrammetric
computer vision and remote sensing for the automatic generation of land-cover maps at the national
scale. The project will benefit from the engineering resources of IGN for the upscaling process and
the generation of land-cover maps and by-products.

#### Permanent Researchers
<ul>
  <li> Clément Mallet, Principal Investigator (WP2 and 3) </li>
  <li> Arnaud Le Bris (WP3), </li>
  <li> Nicolas David (WP3). </li> 
  </ul>
  
#### Recruitements
<ul>
  <li> Luc Baudoux, PhD student 2019-2022 (WP3).
  </li>
</ul>

## CESBIO
Research at CESBIO aims to develop knowledge on continental biosphere dynamics and functioning at
various temporal and spatial scales and as such participates in the specification of space missions and the
processing of remotely sensed data. CESBIO has developed the iota2 processing chain for the operational production of
land-cover maps at the national French scale. It has therefore a strong experience in upscaling learning
and classification processes. CESBIO has been committed over the last two years in collecting feedbacks,
tailoring i2 outputs for various end-users, and disseminating it for several research institutes in France.

#### Permanent Researchers
<ul>
  <li> Jordi Inglada (WP1 and 3) </li>
  <li> Mathieu Fauvel (WP1 and 2), </li>
  <li> Vincent Thierion (WP3). </li> 
  </ul>
  
  #### Recruitements
<ul>
  <li> Erwan Giry-Fouquet, PhD student 2018-2021 (WP2).
  </li>
</ul>
