---
layout: post
title: Resources
date: 2020-10-11 00:00:00 +0300
description: Roanne land-cover map. # Add post description (optional)
img: roanne.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Datasets, Software] # add tag
---

Source codes and datasets made freely available to researchers and end-users.

## Philosophy

We expect the MAESTRIA project to have a significant scientific impact, with the capacity to transfer results within the French national initiatives <a href="https://www.theia-land.fr/en/satellite-data/" target="_blank">Theia</a> and PEPS, and the free provision of land-cover products for a large range of end-users and scientific institutes. MAESTRIA is built within Theia Land Data Centre, benefiting from its infrastructures (High Performance Computing capacities), high resolution and very high resolution images, a strong partnership between 11 public bodies, and its end-user community.<br>
MAESTRIA is supported by IGN (French Mapping Agency) and CNES (French Space Agency), and therefore has access to their HPC capacities also.<br>
The outputs are three-fold:
<ol>
  <li> <b>Baseline products</b>, i.e., land-cover maps available at various spatial and temporal resolutions, that will be evaluated by a pool of end-users, for their own applications;</li>
  <li> <b>Prototypes</b>, dedicated to specific applications and tailored jointly with end-users. The first outputs aim to assess the general relevance of automatic multi-modal EO data processing and foster their adoption for a large variety of needs. The second ones target to derive a set of services, extending the impact of the proposed methods. Two kinds of end-users will be involved, focusing on deriving mapping/statistical knowledge (e.g., authoritative bodies for public policy monitoring) or integrating extracted information into environmental models.</li>
<li> <b>Source code will be made available</b> on a software for version control under a copyleft license, following the strategy proposed for i2. One (public/private bodies) will have the possibility to deeper specialize the proposed methods for a given need (spatial scale + set of classes), probably with more significant thematic prior knowledge.</li>
</ol>

## Datasets
No dataset has been specifically released so far but:
<ul>
  <li> <b>Satellite images</b> can be freely downloaded through <a href="https://www.theia-land.fr/en/satellite-data/" target="_blank">Theia website</a>.</li>  
    <li> <b>Land-cover databases</b> created and/or maintained by IGN are freely available <a href="https://geoservices.ign.fr/documentation/diffusion/index.html" target="_blank">here</a>. </li>  
    <li> <b>National-scale land-cover maps (OSO product)</b> generated by the CNES and CESBIO with the iota2 framework can be downloaded <a href="http://osr-cesbio.ups-tlse.fr/~oso/ " target="_blank">here</a>. </li> 
 </ul>

## Source code
